fix(sdk-node): lazy require @opentelemetry/exporter-jaeger (#3739)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js: CHANGELOG.md

### :bug: (Bug Fix)

> * fix(sdk-node): lazy require @opentelemetry/exporter-jaeger [#3739](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/3739) @pichlermarc

Reviewer: This doesn't really describe the fix to users. Here's a wording suggestion 

```suggestion
* fix(sdk-node): fix initialization in bundled environments by not loading @opentelemetry/exporter-jaeger [#3739](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-js/pull/3739) @pichlermarc
```

Author: yep, that's better, thanks! :slightly_smiling_face:
